Sorry.
If I had known your true identity earlier
Now there's no need to find out who's right and who's wrong.
All I want is for us to be okay
Child safe
I'm content
But what needs to be cleaned up has to be cleaned up
What about my mom and Yun Xuewei?
I'm all locked up
How do you want to deal with it?
My mom
Just let her go
After all, I still have to repay her for her upbringing
As for the company
Also let go
That's my dad's work
What about Yun Xuegui?
The key is
I owe my parents, not him
He will pay for his actions
Ok it's up to you
And Mrs. Gu
I don't blame him though
But I don't want to see him anytime soon.
And Mr. Shen
If he hadn't arrived in time
I'm doomed.
No problem, don't worry.
I will resume and review the cooperation.
And the future will give him
Three invaluable projects
Ting Chuan, you are so nice.
I couldn't take care of you before
I will be a qualified husband in the future
And give you a happy home
Will you marry me again?
OK